India, known as the world's largest democracy, is home to more than 1.2 billion humans,
speaking 1,652 languages.
While the majority are Hindus by religion, Islam, Christendom, Sikhism, Buddhism,
Jainism all have their adherence.
The climate culture, customs and living conditions vary greatly in the 29 states of India.
Thus the India branch cares for a vast and diverse field full of challenges.
Happily, Jehovah God has blessed the hard work of His people with a 7% increase in 2014.
Spiritual food from the faithful steward is available in 23 major languages
and we have 11 remote translation offices.
Also, there's a great need for decent meeting places.
And over the past 10 years, 168 kingdom halls have been constructed.
But it will be many years before all congregation will have their own suitable meeting places.
You see, we are restricted from receiving funds from other countries,
hence we have to rely on our local resources.
I would like to share an experience with you.
A temporary special pioneer couple was assigned to work in the distant northeastern state of Nagaland,
which was last worked by pioneers 35 years ago.
Most people in Nagaland are nominal Christians.
The pioneer couple met an elderly lady in her 70s.
In the discussion that followed, the lady asked the pioneers who they were
and what denomination they belonged to.
On hearing that they were Jehovah's Witnesses,
she was overjoyed, so overjoyed that she got up and excitedly invited them inside.
She said that she is also a witness, although not baptized.
She mentioned that she had studied earlier and showed the pioneers her collection of our literature
from the 1970s, including yearbooks, the songbook and other publications.
She said that she used to attend meetings at the kingdom hall,
but her husband, a staunch Baptist, was very opposed.
After the pioneers who taught her the truth moved away.
She did not have any contact with witnesses.
However, this lady was thoroughly convinced
that she had found the truth and had been talking and reasoning with her children
and relatives about the truth for more than 30 years.
She said that she had been praying to Jehovah God through Jesus Christ,
asking that she should show her the way to serve Him again.
Meanwhile, recently, her children began to put pressure on her to go to church
so that she would be recognized as a member and get a church burial.
Under pressure, she had gone just two days ago to meet the clergymen to renew her membership,
but she could not meet the clergymen.
Now she was so happy that the witnesses had found her in answer to her prayers.
She said that she wants to get baptized as a witness
and now she's attending all meetings regularly
and a Bible study has again been started with her from the Bible Teachbook.
This shows that the seed of truth can sprout even years later in sincere hearts.
The 377 members of India Bethel family send you their warm Christian love and greetings.